The most powerful tens of billions of tricks.
The designs are so cute.
One fired in October.
Ten billion is huge. October.
One billion makes you even more anxious.
There is not much to say.
It's so long.
All right. Hello, let me prepare.
When the time comes, I will take you to the Tang Conference.
Are you serious? Of course.
As long as how to get a copy, please wait a few months.
In order to give the new guys the upper hand.
In the small circle of Shangjinqi, it is out of print.
Hundreds of billions were mobilized.
Just to be a family to the West.
Exciting Motivational Pen
There will be many big fish caught in the capital before morning
I also know how to fight against the sun
I'll give you my novice status
Changed bit by bit
If my Lu family can keep this opportunity,
There is no need to stay in a small place like Yangshou City.
Now all the major provinces are fighting against each other
Several heads want to enter this investment venue
Even if you can’t invite investment bids
Can I enter the novice department?
If only I could get one and invite him
Can I lie to you?
Maybe you are the daughter of the Lu family?
What's not to be pitiful about?
Your Long family is pretty good
I want to go where I want to go
Mr. Li doesn’t mind if you eat dry food.
Do not despise criticism
I am still willing to go from tens of millions
Your company’s 30 million generation group
I will also help you solve it with one arm.
Have you seen what strength is?
Isn't it just noisy?